Clarify install docs (#4366)
firedrakeproject/firedrake: docs/source/install.rst

to use WSL_ or one of Firedrake's
:ref:`alternative installation mechanisms<alternative_install>`.

If installing on an HPC system most of the following steps should remain
applicable, though care will have to be taken to make sure that the right system
packages are used. A community-maintained collection of instructions for how to install
Firedrake onto a number of different HPC systems may be found

> `here <https://github.com/firedrakeproject/firedrake/wiki/HPC-installation>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`here <https://github.com/firedrakeproject/firedrake/wiki/HPC-installation>`__.
If install on an HPC system not included in the wiki, please consider contributing a
page describing the installation on that system.
```

.. literalinclude:: homebrew_deps.txt
   :language: text

> The packages installed here are a combination of essential system dependencies,
> like a C compiler and MPI, and 'external packages' that are used by PETSc, like
> MUMPS and HDF5. If you are not installing onto Ubuntu or macOS then only the former
> of these need be installed as PETSc can download and compile the remaining packages
> (by passing ``--no-package-manager`` to PETSc ``configure``). To give you a guide
> as to what essential system dependencies are needed, on Ubuntu they are:

Author: ```suggestion
The packages installed here are a combination of system dependencies,
like a C compiler, BLAS, and MPI,  and 'external packages' that are used by PETSc, like
MUMPS and HDF5.

If you are not installing onto Ubuntu or macOS then it is your responsibility to
ensure that these system dependencies are in place. Some of the dependencies
(e.g. a C compiler) must come from your system whereas others, if desired, may be
downloaded by PETSc ``configure`` by passing additional flags like
``--download-mpich`` or ``--download-openblas`` (run ``./configure --help | less`` to
see what is available). To give you a guide as to what system dependencies are
needed, on Ubuntu they are:
```
